Nova landing/agrupador de Split de Pagamentos (#2243)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/split-payment/prerequisites.en.md

# Prerequisites

To integrate the Split Payments solution, it is important to meet the requirements shown below.

> NOTE
>
> Important
>
> If it is necessary to make configurations regarding the commission release date (marketplace fee or application fee), contact your **assisted portfolio commercial executive**.

| Requirement                      | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
|----------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | Mercado Pago Seller Account      | To integrate, you need a seller account on Mercado Pago with a KYC 6 level. This ensures a solid foundation of trust and security in transactions. If you don't have one, you can [create it](https://www.mercadopago.com.ar/hub/registration/landing) for free. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Mercado Pago Seller Account      | To integrate, you need a seller account on Mercado Pago with a KYC 6 level. This ensures a solid foundation of trust and security in transactions. If you don't have one, you can [create it](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/hub/registration/landing) for free. |
```

| Mercado Pago Application         | It is necessary to have the Mercado Pago application to manage the received payments. You can download [its version for Android devices](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mercadopago.wallet&hl=es_419), or [for iOS devices](https://apps.apple.com/ar/app/mercado-pago/id925436649).                                                                       |
| OAuth                            | Resellers in the Marketplace must go through the OAuth authorization process to establish a secure and authenticated connection. This procedure ensures the legitimacy of commercial transactions and protects the integrity of operations. Refer to the OAuth documentation for more information. |
| Integration with Mercado Pago     | The Marketplace must integrate with Mercado Pago using Checkouts (1:1 model) or through the advanced_payments API (1:n model).                                                                                                           |

> | Credentials                     | Exclusive passwords used to identify an integration in your account and allow secure navigation and user data protection. Refer to the [Credentials documentation](https://www.mercadopago.com.ar/developers/en/docs/split-payment/additional-content/your-integrations/credentials) for more information.                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Credentials                     | Exclusive passwords used to identify an integration in your account and allow secure navigation and user data protection. Refer to the [Credentials documentation](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/en/docs/split-payment/additional-content/your-integrations/credentials) for more information.                     |
```

> | Test Accounts                    | Test accounts allow you to perform tests in the application to ensure that everything is working correctly. You can create them in [Your Integrations](https://www.mercadopago.com.ar/developers/panel/app).                                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Test Accounts                    | Test accounts allow you to perform tests in the application to ensure that everything is working correctly. You can create them in [Your Integrations](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]developers/panel/app).                                                                              |
```
